README.md, before:

<sub align="center">🎓 — training project on technical task.</sub>  
<sub align="center">💼 — commercial project on technical task;</sub>  



### Landings [HTML, CSS, JS]

> 🎓 <a href="https://sashajozwiak.github.io/some-works/portfolio/" target="_blank">Photoservice | ru/en</a> <i>(all adaptive, switch lang, switch theme, native js)</i>  
> 💼 <a href="https://sashajozwiak.github.io/some-works/bankrotto/" target="_blank">Legalservice | ru</a> <i> (all adaptive, native js, jquery, bootstrap, php)</i>  
> 🎓 <a href="https://sashajozwiak.github.io/some-works/shelter/pages/main/" target="_blank">Shelter | en</a> <i> (all adaptive, js advanced, json)</i> ★

---

### Apps [JS, TS, etc..]
 
> 🎓 <a href="https://sashajozwiak.github.io/some-works/js30-audio-player/" target="_blank">Custom audioplayer app </a> <i>(native js)</i> ★  
> 🎓 <a href="https://sashajozwiak.github.io/some-works/random-jokes/" target="_blank">Randome quote app | ru/en</a> <i>(native js, json, localStorage)</i>  
> 🎓 <a href="https://sashajozwiak.github.io/virtual-keyboard/" target="_blank">Virtual keyboard app | ru/en</a> <i>(native js, json, npm, eslint)</i>  
> 💼 <a href="https://atver.ru" target="_blank">Regional news aggregator app | ru</a> <i>(all adaptive, wp, css, php-parse)</i>  
> 🎓 <a href="https://rolling-scopes-school.github.io/sashajozwiak-JSFE2022Q1/online-shop/" target="_blank">Store page app (r-time filters) | ru</a> <i>(TypeScript, eslint, json, webpack)</i>  
> 🎓 <a href="https://sashajozwiak.github.io/some-works/tic-tac-toe/" target="_blank">Tic-tac-toe | en</a> <i>(native js, localStorage)</i>  
> 🎓 <a href="https://codepen.io/sashajozwiak/pen/gOjmrZV" target="_blank">Game "Aim training | ru</a> <i>(native js)</i>  
> 🎓 <a href="https://sashajozwiak.github.io/some-works/ya_githubsearch/" target="_blank">Github search | ru</a> <i>(native js, fetch api, feat Ya.Practicum)</i>  
> 🎓 <a href="https://github.com/SashaJozwiak/js-starter-project-44" target="_blank">Brain games 5 in 1 (console) | en</a> <i>(js, Ubuntu, npm, eslint feat Hexlet)</i>  

---
### Apps [...React, Redux, etc..]
> <a href="https://codesandbox.io/s/tenzies-feat-scrimba-1m7ix0?file=/src/App.js" target="_blank">🎓Tenzies game</a> <i>(feat scrimba)</i>  
> <a href="https://rslang-132.netlify.app/#/games/audio-challenge" target="_blank">🎓Audiochallenge game</a> <i>(<a href="https://github.com/SashaJozwiak/some-works/blob/dev/media/audiochallenge.JPG?raw=true" target="_blank">img</a>)</i>  
> <a href="http://indx.69.tw1.ru/" target="_blank">💼Company website (landing version)</a>  
> <a href="https://sashajozwiak.github.io/react-deploy/" target="_blank">💼Customer account</a> <i>(...custom routing)</i> ★  
> <a href="https://jobs-dashboard-react-redux-r17s.vercel.app/" target="_blank">🎓Jobs-dashboard-app</a> <i>(React, Redux)</i>  
> <a href="https://github.com/SashaJozwiak/some-works/tree/gh-pages/catalog_1.1.0" target="_blank">💼 Offline database for avito multiple sales (current v.1.2.1)</a> <i>(React, local storage + file system)</i>★  
> <a href="https://yandex.ru/games/app/236521" target="_blank">💼 Guess game by frame for Ya.Games | ru/en/tr</a> <i>(React, etc..)</i>  




---

### Some utilities, components
> <b>HTML/CSS: </b> <a href="https://sashajozwiak.github.io/some-works/forms/" target="_blank">🎓Forms</a>, 🎓 <a href="https://sashajozwiak.github.io/cssMemSlider/cssMemSlider/" target="_blank">Mem slider app</a>,
🎓 <a href="https://sashajozwiak.github.io/cssBayan/cssBayan/" target="_blank">cssBayan</a>  
> <b>JS: </b><a href="https://jsfiddle.net/Jozwiak/ak6xvqo3/1700/" target="_blank">🎓square counter</a> | <a href="https://jsfiddle.net/Jozwiak/u5awhv19/115/" target="_blank">🎓d&d tasks</a> | <a href="https://jsfiddle.net/Jozwiak/dLh8vk1x/50/" target="_blank">🎓baeuty slider 1</a> | <a href="https://jsfiddle.net/Jozwiak/zrfebsdL/85/" target="_blank">🎓bs 2</a> |  <a href="https://codepen.io/sashajozwiak/pen/vYaxOGa" target="_blank">🎓Colored blocks</a>  |  🎓 <a href="https://codesandbox.io/s/native-redux-1x4j7x?file=/src/index.js" target="_blank">Redux-JS</a>  
> <b>React:</b> <a href="https://codesandbox.io/s/useeffect-2zwo8l?file=/src/App.js" target="_blank">🎓Card-swapper</a> | 
> <a href="https://codesandbox.io/s/search-forked-rxx4iq" target="_blank">🎓Fastfinder</a> | <a href="https://codesandbox.io/s/custom-routing-nohashlink-fxvn0e?file=/src/App.js" target="_blank">💼Custom routing with add sections</a> | <a href="https://codesandbox.io/s/currency-swapper-ll1gli?file=/src/App.js" target="_blank">🎓Currency converter</a> | <a href="https://codesandbox.io/s/todo-react-redux-q770cq?file=/redux/reducers.js" target="_blank">🎓Redux-react</a>  | <a href="https://codesandbox.io/s/filter-sort-react-cpzx07?file=/src/App.tsx" target="_blank">🎓React+TS-filter/sort</a>  




<sub align="center">★ — previous projects.</sub>

Commit message:

Update README.md for cat and fish game

README.md, after:

<sub align="center">🎓 — training project on technical task.</sub>  
<sub align="center">💼 — commercial project on technical task;</sub>  



### Landings [HTML, CSS, JS]

> 🎓 <a href="https://sashajozwiak.github.io/some-works/portfolio/" target="_blank">Photoservice | ru/en</a> <i>(all adaptive, switch lang, switch theme, native js)</i>  
> 💼 <a href="https://sashajozwiak.github.io/some-works/bankrotto/" target="_blank">Legalservice | ru</a> <i> (all adaptive, native js, jquery, bootstrap, php)</i>  
> 🎓 <a href="https://sashajozwiak.github.io/some-works/shelter/pages/main/" target="_blank">Shelter | en</a> <i> (all adaptive, js advanced, json)</i> ★

---

### Apps [JS, TS, etc..]
 
> 🎓 <a href="https://sashajozwiak.github.io/some-works/js30-audio-player/" target="_blank">Custom audioplayer app </a> <i>(native js)</i> ★  
> 🎓 <a href="https://sashajozwiak.github.io/some-works/random-jokes/" target="_blank">Randome quote app | ru/en</a> <i>(native js, json, localStorage)</i>  
> 🎓 <a href="https://sashajozwiak.github.io/virtual-keyboard/" target="_blank">Virtual keyboard app | ru/en</a> <i>(native js, json, npm, eslint)</i>  
> 💼 <a href="https://atver.ru" target="_blank">Regional news aggregator app | ru</a> <i>(all adaptive, wp, css, php-parse)</i>  
> 🎓 <a href="https://rolling-scopes-school.github.io/sashajozwiak-JSFE2022Q1/online-shop/" target="_blank">Store page app (r-time filters) | ru</a> <i>(TypeScript, eslint, json, webpack)</i>  
> 🎓 <a href="https://sashajozwiak.github.io/some-works/tic-tac-toe/" target="_blank">Tic-tac-toe | en</a> <i>(native js, localStorage)</i>  
> 🎓 <a href="https://codepen.io/sashajozwiak/pen/gOjmrZV" target="_blank">Game "Aim training | ru</a> <i>(native js)</i>  
> 🎓 <a href="https://sashajozwiak.github.io/some-works/ya_githubsearch/" target="_blank">Github search | ru</a> <i>(native js, fetch api, feat Ya.Practicum)</i>  
> 🎓 <a href="https://github.com/SashaJozwiak/js-starter-project-44" target="_blank">Brain games 5 in 1 (console) | en</a> <i>(js, Ubuntu, npm, eslint feat Hexlet)</i>  

---
### Apps [...React, Redux, etc..]
> <a href="https://codesandbox.io/s/tenzies-feat-scrimba-1m7ix0?file=/src/App.js" target="_blank">🎓Tenzies game</a> <i>(feat scrimba)</i>  
> <a href="https://rslang-132.netlify.app/#/games/audio-challenge" target="_blank">🎓Audiochallenge game</a> <i>(<a href="https://github.com/SashaJozwiak/some-works/blob/dev/media/audiochallenge.JPG?raw=true" target="_blank">img</a>)</i>  
> <a href="http://indx.69.tw1.ru/" target="_blank">💼Company website (landing version)</a>  
> <a href="https://sashajozwiak.github.io/react-deploy/" target="_blank">💼Customer account</a> <i>(...custom routing)</i> ★  
> <a href="https://jobs-dashboard-react-redux-r17s.vercel.app/" target="_blank">🎓Jobs-dashboard-app</a> <i>(React, Redux)</i>  
> <a href="https://github.com/SashaJozwiak/some-works/tree/gh-pages/catalog_1.1.0" target="_blank">💼 Offline database for avito multiple sales (current v.1.2.1)</a> <i>(React, local storage + file system)</i>★  
> <a href="https://yandex.ru/games/app/236521" target="_blank">💼 "Guess game by frame" for Ya.Games | ru/en/tr</a> <i>(React, ls, etc..)</i>  
> <a href="https://yandex.ru/games/app/--" target="_blank">💼 "Cat and fish" for Ya.Games (in progress) | ru/en/tr</a> <i>(React, ls, ysdk api, etc..)</i>  



---

### Some utilities, components
> <b>HTML/CSS: </b> <a href="https://sashajozwiak.github.io/some-works/forms/" target="_blank">🎓Forms</a>, 🎓 <a href="https://sashajozwiak.github.io/cssMemSlider/cssMemSlider/" target="_blank">Mem slider app</a>,
🎓 <a href="https://sashajozwiak.github.io/cssBayan/cssBayan/" target="_blank">cssBayan</a>  
> <b>JS: </b><a href="https://jsfiddle.net/Jozwiak/ak6xvqo3/1700/" target="_blank">🎓square counter</a> | <a href="https://jsfiddle.net/Jozwiak/u5awhv19/115/" target="_blank">🎓d&d tasks</a> | <a href="https://jsfiddle.net/Jozwiak/dLh8vk1x/50/" target="_blank">🎓baeuty slider 1</a> | <a href="https://jsfiddle.net/Jozwiak/zrfebsdL/85/" target="_blank">🎓bs 2</a> |  <a href="https://codepen.io/sashajozwiak/pen/vYaxOGa" target="_blank">🎓Colored blocks</a>  |  🎓 <a href="https://codesandbox.io/s/native-redux-1x4j7x?file=/src/index.js" target="_blank">Redux-JS</a>  
> <b>React:</b> <a href="https://codesandbox.io/s/useeffect-2zwo8l?file=/src/App.js" target="_blank">🎓Card-swapper</a> | 
> <a href="https://codesandbox.io/s/search-forked-rxx4iq" target="_blank">🎓Fastfinder</a> | <a href="https://codesandbox.io/s/custom-routing-nohashlink-fxvn0e?file=/src/App.js" target="_blank">💼Custom routing with add sections</a> | <a href="https://codesandbox.io/s/currency-swapper-ll1gli?file=/src/App.js" target="_blank">🎓Currency converter</a> | <a href="https://codesandbox.io/s/todo-react-redux-q770cq?file=/redux/reducers.js" target="_blank">🎓Redux-react</a>  | <a href="https://codesandbox.io/s/filter-sort-react-cpzx07?file=/src/App.tsx" target="_blank">🎓React+TS-filter/sort</a>  




<sub align="center">★ — previous projects.</sub>
